"""


- There should be a way to add a new entry,
- list all entries for a particular employee,
- and list all entries that match a date or search term.
- Print a report of this information to the screen,
  including the date, title of task, time spent,
  employee, and general notes.

As a user of the script, I should be able to choose whether to add a new entry
or lookup previous entries.

As a user of the script, if I choose to enter a new work log,
I should be able to provide my name, a task name, a number of minutes
spent working on it, and any additional notes I want to record.

As a user of the script, if I choose to find a previous entry,
I should be presented with three options: find by employee, find by date,
find by search term.

As a user of the script, if finding by date, I should be presented with a list
of dates with entries and be able to choose one to see entries from.

As a user of the script, if finding by a search term, I should be allowed
to enter a string and then be presented with entries containing that string
in the task name or notes.

As a user of the script, if finding by employee, I should be allowed to enter
employee name and then be presented with entries with that employee as their
creator.

EXTRAS:
As a user of the script, the screen must be cleared for entering a new task
and the menu is well formatted.

As a user of the script, I should be able to find entries within a range of dates.

As a user of the script, I should be able to be provided a list of possible
matches if multiple employees share the same name.

As a user of the script, I should be able to find entries within a
range of time spent on a task.

As a user of the script, I should be able to delete or edit entries.

As a user of the script, I should be able to quit the script from the menu.

As a user of the script, I should be able to navigate
through the returned search results.

As a user of the script, I should be able to find entries related to a
specific project. This will require another field and/or model.

"""
